hey guys this is May tomasa 21 and some
of you guys may remember I did the
similar kind of look about the half a
year ago
it was just a different occasion and it
was a little bit warmer outside so
that's why I very count and have camp
and if you hear any background noises
there's some guys working over there
construction side and some cars going
over here and there so please just
ignore that and just focus what I'm
saying all right so first of all guys I
really want to thank you I recently hit
a huge goal which I never thought in my
life I would get 10,000 subscribers then
a week after I got 15,000 subscribers
and now I'm an amazing number 17,000
subscribers and I wouldn't be here guys
without you so first of all huge thanks
to all my subs who if you ever liked my
video or you commented on any of my
videos or if he simply just watched any
of my stuff thank you guys a lot it does
really mean a lot is I said I wouldn't
be here without you doing this YouTube
stuff and it just appealed people you
guys who matters to me so thanks a lot
also one really important person I want
to thank to his thumb or the syndicate
project who gave me the opportunity to
play with him and if you compare how
many subs does he have and how many subs
do I have you realize there's a huge
difference there's like he is like
hundred times more chat more subscribers
than me and it just amazes me how the
guy who's hundred times bigger than me
can play with me it's just amazing that
tells something about his character some
of you guys hate on him and I don't
understand the reason because he's a
great he's a great person and all this
kind of stuff that he does he makes
great videos
he supports other people so and most of
all his commentating skills are
absolutely amazing tom is like one of
the best commentators on youtube hands
down you shouldn't ask why he has 1
million subs because he
he truly deserves more than that guys so
thanks a lot to Tom it was a great
experience playing with the guy it's a
completely different when you just see
him on on your laptop screen if you
actually talk with him and of course I
got more subscribers but he also learned
me a lot of stuff like I used to be
really stressed when I did a commentary
and now I'm actually feeling more
confident with what I do and he also
showed me not not just the gameplay is
important but more more of the
commentary it kind of gives more soul
it's like kind of personal when you
visit some of someone's channel and he's
making a commentary rather than he if he
just stays silent during the entire
video and you just watch him how amazing
he plays but if you combine these two
things you can actually make a pretty
good result so that's why people who do
come the trees are I guess more
successful I would say that no but it
really does have something into it also
have to thank two people who recommended
me to syndicate which was mr. Fluffles
recently did dual commentary on my
nocturnal totem video the guy is amazing
laughs we're watching his vlogs and also
here he has a lot of information about
black ops 2 and everything so thanks man
and hopefully you were gonna play
sometimes also Yuri Slayer he was the
second person who recommended me and
there's also the reason why I had the
chance to play with the syndicate
himself and Yoda Slayer this all beast
Leia is amazing guy like another very
good commentator I really like to listen
to and enjoy his content and yeah never
playing with him yet but I hope we're
gonna play soon so fingers crossed also
another person I'm really thankful to is
mr. Dalek Jani recently the two dull
commentaries with him which was on my
gameplay on no power challenge on the
ascension and call of the dead it's
another guy from England he is
absolutely amazing he's always up to
date his news
never think it just amazes me how how
much information he has and his street
theory is always gonna make us make
sense if you look at them and he is like
cool moist and it's always a pleasure to
work with him and hopefully we're gonna
have some more dual commentaries in the
future so so thanks to mr. Dalek as well
but most of all of course I can't forget
the relaxing and the beast from Finland
he was the first guy I came into contact
on YouTube and so far I working together
works amazing
he was always supporting me by giving me
suggestions ideas and supporting my
videos and we make together around 100
videos which is just mind-blowing if you
think about it and yeah so thanks thanks
to the relaxing end of course he's
probably white like one of my best
friends on YouTube and can't forget mr.
soldier who recently also was supporting
me a lot even though he's not a big
channel but I'm just talking with him on
skype overall give me better confident
and feeling he's also a good friend of
mine so thank you
also I want to show you my updated setup
for a long time but I think now is a
pretty good opportunity so there should
be an annotation below or somewhere in
the screen he will of course find it and
if you wanna see my setup go ahead and
as soon as it's uploaded the annotation
will be there I promise
so without further ado a mate Oh master
guys thank you very much for watching
and I'm out of your peace